feat(tracing): Correlate deep links with the navigation they trigger (#6264)
getsentry/sentry-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

> - Correlate deep links with the navigation transaction they trigger. The next idle navigation span started within `routeChangeTimeoutMs` of a deep link arrival is tagged with `navigation.trigger: 'deeplink'`, `deeplink.url` (sanitized, respects `sendDefaultPii`), and `deeplink.dispatch_delay_ms` (ms gap between URL received and navigation dispatched). Covers both cold start (`Linking.getInitialURL()`) and warm open (`'url'` event) paths, including the late-arrival case where Expo Router auto-handles the link before our `getInitialURL()` chain resolves ([#6264](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6264))

Reviewer: What do you think of shorting the changelog? Users can see more details about it when opening the PR URL.
```suggestion
- Correlate deep links with the navigation they trigger, tagging the resulting transaction with `navigation.trigger: 'deeplink'`, the deep
  link URL (sanitized unless `sendDefaultPii` is enabled), and the time between link arrival and navigation. Works for both cold start and
  warm app launches ([#6264](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/pull/6264))
```
